Modify S6327: Improve the recommended fix (#4543)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6327/recommended.adoc

== Recommended Secure Coding Practices

It is recommended to encrypt SNS topics that contain sensitive information.

> To do so, create a master key and affect the SNS topic to it. Without a master

Reviewer: Is "affect" the right word here?

> key, the SNS topic is not encrypted by default.

Reviewer: Using the negative version is usually a bit harder to understand than the positive version: "With a master key, the SNS topic is encrypted by default".

Author: I removed it, the goal was to say that by default no encryption applied but I am starting to think this sentence, at this location could be confusing. I replaced it with notable information instead

== Recommended Secure Coding Practices

It is recommended to encrypt SNS topics that contain sensitive information.

To do so, create a master key and affect the SNS topic to it. Without a master

> key, called `KmsMasterKeyId` in diverse SDKs, the SNS topic is not encrypted by deafult.

Author: ```suggestion
key, the SNS topic is not encrypted by default.
```
